I'm screwed.
What happened?
The hitman I hired canceled my commission.
Damn it!
I should have known Liam was just stalling for time.
What do you mean you have nothing?
Those launch sharks are not going to buy that.
They are going to eat us alive.
Emma.
Right, Emma.
If I beg for her forgiveness, she'll probably save me.
How could she possibly forgive you after everything that happened?
Because it was all your fault.
You planned the whole thing.
I was just some sweet innocent boy who lost his way.
Daniel, after everything that we've been through together,
after I saved your life from the creditors,
this is how you're going to thank me.
Evo, you really think I have feelings for you?
You have been kissing my ass this entire time.
All of your secrets, and I'm going to tell.
I know you do, sweetie.
And that's exactly why you'll keep your mouth shut.
Because I don't mind taking another life.